Forgot to add to the MD before! (#20)
bsoyka/magic-py-ball: README.md

![Sentry Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/sentry-reporting%20errors-493d54.svg)

This is a simple magic 8 ball made completely using Python.

> To install this, first `pip install sentry_sdk`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install this, first `pip install -r requirements.txt`
```
This will allow me to add additional dependencies in the future.

> Move this folder to where you'd like to on your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clone this repo to where you'd like to on your system.
```
This makes the instructions more clear.
